feat: move DataplexEntryGroup to identity and refs pattern (#7920)
GoogleCloudPlatform/k8s-config-connector: .gemini/skills/kcc-identity-reference/SKILL.md

- Implement `String()`, `FromExternal(ref string)`, and `Host()` by delegating to the format var.
- Implement `getIdentityFrom<Kind>Spec(...)` to extract fields from the spec/obj (often using `refs.ResolveProjectID`, `refs.GetLocation`, etc.).
- Implement `GetIdentity(ctx, reader)` on the Resource struct, including cross-checking `externalRef` or `status.Name`. (Look at `artifactregistryrepository_identity.go`'s `GetIdentity` implementation for exactly how to do this cross-check).

>   - **Note:** If you are updating an existing resource's Identity struct to the IdentityV2 pattern, be sure to grep for existing usages of the struct and its old methods (e.g. `.Parent()`, `.ID()`) in dependent identity files and direct controllers, and update them to use the new fields (e.g. `.Project`, `.Location`, etc.). Pay special attention to the `Export` method in the direct controller, as it often uses `a.id.Parent().ProjectID` and `a.id.Parent().Location`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Note:** If you are updating an existing resource's Identity struct to the IdentityV2 pattern, be sure to check for existing usages of the struct and its old methods (e.g. `.Parent()`, `.ID()`) in dependent identity files and direct controllers, and update them to use the new fields (e.g. `.Project`, `.Location`, etc.).  The compiler is your friend: remove the functions, then run `go vet ./...` or `go build ./...` to look for references to functions that no longer exist.
```

Reviewer: Please update this to say "  - **Note:** If you are updating an existing resource's Identity struct to the IdentityV2 pattern, be sure to check for existing usages of the struct and its old methods (e.g. `.Parent()`, `.ID()`) in dependent identity files and direct controllers, and update them to use the new fields (e.g. `.Project`, `.Location`, etc.).  The compiler is your friend: remove the functions, then run `go vet ./...` or `go build ./...` to look for references to functions that no longer exist."
